Welcome back.
Let's build our Twitter board.
The first thing we want to do is import T.P. library.
And obviously this isn't a built in module in Python.
So we'll have to install it by saying Pip three install TV and this is going to install the TB library.
Awesome.
Now this library has really good documentation.
So when we go to read the docs I'll actually show you hey how to get started and give you some quick
start up and setup that we need to do.
In my case I'm just going to copy the hello TB code that they provided for us and just paste it in here.
Now there's a few things happening here.
Obviously we don't need the double imports.
What we can see here is that we need to authenticate that is we use the 2P o off handler and we have
to give it something called a Consumer key and a consumer secret and then we also have to set access
token with the access token and access token secret.
Now what this is is this is what the Twitter API uses to verify our account.
You remember how we had to create an account here and get authenticated because not just anybody can
use the Twitter API.
Well this is what they're asking for.
They're saying hey I want you to verify that this is you.
If you're accessing the Twitter API I want to know who's accessing that data.
So in your case after you've created an app you just click on details and you see here that we have
keys and tokens these keys.
I'm actually going to regenerate after this because you don't want to share these with anybody but I'll
at least show you how these works.
So that for yourself you'll have different keys and API keys and secrets that you have that you'll have
to copy and paste.
Luckily it tells us exactly what they are.
We have the API key which is the consumer key well posted in here as a string.
And then we have the API secret key which is the consumer.
Secret which will paste it in their let's make this a little bit bigger so you can see and then we have
the access token and the access token secret again.
We copy the access token
pasted in here and the secret.
So again these are the keys that Twitter API is going to be able to use to identify you but you don't
want to share these with anybody even though I'm showing it to everybody like I said after this video
I'm just going to regenerate.
So that while you won't be able to use my keys after we've set up this off object we then use the T.P.
dot API to authenticate and we now have access to the API so let's check this out.
I have my public tweets and I can grab those by saying API dot home timeline and then I'm going to loop
over these tweets the public tweets and just print tweet dot text so let's try this out.
Things never work the first time around so we'll see.
I'm going to run Python 3 and say tweet tweet dot by.
All right.
Look at that.
We've actually no heirs gotten the tweets from the home timeline and specifically from my Twitter home
timeline.
So we see a here we have.
Let's see what we have.
We have a re tweet an overview of the best newsletters that I know of for front end developers including
General front and JavaScript.
Yes yes.
I hope this person included my newsletter by the way I have a newsletter in case you're wondering every
month.
But let's check this.
If I go to my home Hey look at that.
An overview of the best newsletters that I know for front end developers Brian Rinaldi.
I hope my newsletters included but there you go.
That's our timeline right there.
And we're able to access the Twitter API.
That was pretty easy right.
Not that again I keep saying this I know I'm repetitive but this is the power of Python.
There are just so many libraries.
Such a large community and it's so easy to create things already just by looking at this T.P. library
you probably can think of different things that you can do with Twitter.
Like I said the world is your oyster.
That's why python is such a popular language let's get back to this.
So we have some tweets but let's do something exciting here.
What else does the Twitter API give us.
Well let's remove these public tweets for now and just print out let's say API dot me.
And this is actually going to give the information about myself.
So let's actually give this a variable saying user so and I'm going to say API dot me and this is going
to give information about the user in my case.
Let's just do user dot name.
And again this is something that you can check for yourself on their documentation.
And if I run this.
There you go.
That's my name.
That's my Twitter username.
OK.
What else do we have.
We have.
Well the actual screen name which will be my Twitter handle right here.
Andre Agassi with no spaces.
And then let's just do what else can we do we can also do followers count again.
These are all on the tweet B API that you can check for yourself.
Fi do this
Hey look at that.
It's actually pretty crazy that I have 10000 followers not trying to show off or anything but it's crazy
I barely tweet in somehow 10000.
So thank you for the follow.
Not sure how useful my tweets are but I appreciate the photos.
That's pretty cool.
But you know what I want to start building something useful with my Twitter board.
So in the next video we're going to do just that.
I'll see you on that one by.